Collection of sounds from James Alfredson III.  Some may be repeats of banks
the ftp.ucsd.edu or louie.udel.edu sites.


 20TH-AV...A seq. of the 20th Century Fox Theme...same sounds as the Mirabella  
           bank.  (see below)   
 BMOVIE....Sound effects (including telephone, great footsteps, and even a  
           toilet!)  
 NIKO_VOX..Some improved DX7 sounds plus lots of pads and weird effects.  
 TARKUS....The first part of Emerson, Lake, and Palmer's Tarkus.
           Same sounds as in the Mirabella bank.  
 EQUINOX...With demo seq.  Dance orientated sounds.  
 PZ........Pianos (acoustic and electric), strings, leads (mono of course!),  
           synth textures and various others.  
 SYNEW1....Strange synth textures including "WhaleSong" and "EtherStyle".  
 NYSOUNDS..Cool analog and digital synth sounds.  Described at the site that I  
           got it from as, "Industrial Sounds".  
 8-SYM1MV..Beethoven's 8th Symphony, first movement.  Bad sequence of it, but  
           decent symphonic sounds.  
 BLURONDO..Brubeck's "Blue Rondo ala Turk".  Uses same bank as Mirabella, but  
           different multi setup.  
 BRYAN.....Bread and butter sounds with some good B3 simulations and analog  
           synth simulations.  Includes very funky demo!  
 OVERTURE..Has repeats of some of the sounds from other banks, but there's a  
           really good song as a demo.  I think the person u/l it just for the  
           song.  It's really cool!  
 ASSORTM...An assortment of sounds.  I'm not sure of the source of each, but  
           there's some really good lead sounds.  
 COREA1....Bank 1 of the Corea assortment of sounds.  I think that these are
           available via anonymous ftp at ftp.uscd.edu, but that's not where I
           got them!  
 COREA2....Bank 2 .  
 WSVOX.....Bank 1 of the Wavestation Emulations.  
 WSVOX1....Bank 2.  Go figure! :)  
 WSVOX2....Bank 3.  
 MIRABELA..A collection of very good bread and butter sounds. Includes organs,  
           strings, synth basses, synth leads, guitars, etc. Has many
           different sequences that came with it including Tarkus.  
 BEATLES...An odd rendition of the Beatles "A Day in The Life".  
 ROCKKKKK..Mainly synth bass and clav. sounds.  Some brass and elec. piano.  
 OPUS14....Another Classical sequence using the Mirabella bank.  
 FUNK-1....Clavs, organs and funky basses.  
 RDS_FRTS..Reed instruments and fretted instruments.  
 TINES.....The name says it all!  
 TOKYO.....A sequence called "Tokyo Girl" with some techno type sounds.  
 SLOWLOVE..Another Mirabella seq.  
 JEFF-BNK..Assortment of sounds mostly keyboard orientated (organs, elec.  
           pianos, etc.)  
 TANGO!....Yet another Mirabella seq.   
 5THSYM....Yet another Classical seq.  
 JIMBANK1..A collection of 51 sounds created by James Alfredson III with 
           original demo.



